https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2210335.Classification_Made_Simple
Classification Made Simple
information-science,library-science,
Eric J. Hunter
This established textbook introduces the essentials of classification as used for information storage and retrieval. By adopting a gradual progression from very basic principles and by providing practical examples, it enables the reader to gain a firm grasp of one idea before proceeding to the next. In information work, classification may be used in various ways, for coding in computerized systems; for the organization of manual and machine-readable files and catalogues; and for shelf arrangement in libraries and information services. It can constitute a basis for the production of alphabetical authority lists of subject terms, or thesauri, and can be applied to other subject indexing and search techniques. The approach adopted here is a wide one and is not limited to classification for one specific purpose. This revision takes account of developments that have taken place since the first edition was published. Perhaps the most significant event has been the phenomenal growth of the Internet and the World Wide Web and this new edition outlines the significant role that classification can play in the accessing of Internet resources. Classification Made Simple provides a useful gateway to more advanced works and the study of specific schemes. As an introductory text, it will be invaluable to students of information work and to anyone inside or outside the information profession who needs to understand the manner in which classification can be utilised to facilitate and enhance the retrieval process. "A book I would strongly recommend to any student of librarianship and information studies as an introduction to the general principles" Library Review "On my first day as trainee at Southend Central Library - and later on at college I could have done with this book" Public Library Journal "This book is a laudable contribution. The author has succeeded admirably in presenting the high science of classification in simple words and in meaningful examples. It is a valuable service to the classification discipline" International Classification "The presentation is clear and economical; the book can easily be read at one sitting. It will thus prove invaluable as both an introductory text and revision aid" Journal of Documentation Author Biography: Eric Hunter is Emeritus Professor of Information Management, Liverpool John Moores University, UK. He has written and researched widely in education, librarianship and information handling.
Hardcover, 147 pages Published June 1st 2002 by Ashgate Publishing (first published 1988)
3.11
Original Title Classification Made Simple ISBN 075460795X (ISBN13: 9780754607953) Edition Language English 
